# How to author content

The website is generated from the contents of the `content/` directory in the project
root dir. When the website app is built, this directory is traversed and any
`.jade` file is processed and compiled to HTML.

We have a three level menu structure which corresponds to the structure of the
folders in this directory. 

## Directory Layout

### index.jade
Inside each directory, we expect to find a file called `index.jade`. This
defines the content for the section (e.g. `home/index.jade` is the page that
you see when you go to `/home`).

### Subdirectories
Each new level of the directory hierarchy introduces a new level of menu in the
website. As we mentioned, the website layout is designed to support three menu
levels. Therefore, there should only be two nested folders in the directory
tree (e.g. `content/projects/client-projects/great-project.jade` will render the 3rd
level (i.e., the lowest level) menu item which is page about a "great project").

## Jade Templates

### Front Matter
Each jade template should define YAML front matter. You can define the
following fields:
  * __title__ (required) - String. The title of the menu item (as displayed on the
    website).
  * __order__ (required) - Integer. The position of the menu item within the same menu
    level (if not specified, the order is determined by the ordering of the
    file system, i.e., is unspecified).
  * _id_ - (semi-required) Id of the page. This is generated from the jade template
    filename. It must be unique. If you happen to have two jade templates with the
    same filename, please specify this manually.
  * controller - What Angular controller will be used for this page. you
    probably want to ignore this.
  * url - The URL of the page. Autogenerated from the path to the jade
    template. You probaby want to ignore this.
  * templateUrl - Where to find the template. You almost definitely want to
    ignore this.

### "extends" Line
Each jade template should extend a template defined in the `templates`
directory. Which one depends on what the page should look like. Most common
will probably be the `../../templates/section` template.

**important!** Please make sure to use the right number of `..` depending on
the nesting - `content/menu-level/index.jade` uses ../.. (that's two), 
`content/menu-level/submenu-level/index.jade` uses ../../../ (that's three).
We're investigating how to make this work better.

### "block" Line
Depending on the template being extended, the jade template you're writing
should specify a number of blocks. Most commonly, it will be `block heading`,
which specifies the page heading, and `block content` which specifies the rest
of the page. You can use markdown to author content (see the example below).
Please make sure you're keeping the indentation in the markdown blocks (Jade
is whitespace sensitive).

Example:

        ---
        title: My Awesome Page Title
        order: 2
        ---

        extends ../../templates/section

        block heading
          :markdown
            This is a great heading, yes?

        block content
          :markdown
            This is even better content, nicht war? I can use **Markdown** here! 
